[#12473]  Add steps on how to use the masquerade mode in developer guide (#12506)
TEAMMATES/teammates: docs/development.md

GET http://localhost:8080/logout
```

### How to enter masquerade mode

> Masquerade mode is a feature that enables the admin to create and log in as mock instructors and students for testing and other purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Masquerade mode is a feature that enables the admin to create and log in as mock instructors and students for testing and situations where masquerading as another user is applicable.
```

- To prepare for entering masquerade mode, do the following:
    - Log in as an administrator to `http://localhost:8080/web/admin/home`.
    - Create a new instructor by filling the Name, Email, and Institution fields in the form
      provided and submit.
    - Now, we have a new account that we can masquerade as.

> - To masquerade as an instructor:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To masquerade as an _instructor_:
```

>     - Use the instructor's URL at /web/instructor/home with the instructor's email appended as a parameter, e.g. `http://localhost:8080/web/instructor/home?user=kelvin@gmail.com`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Use the instructor's URL at /web/instructor/home with the instructor's email appended as a query parameter, e.g. `http://localhost:8080/web/instructor/home?user=kelvin@gmail.com`.
```

> - To masquerade as a student:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To masquerade as a _student_:
```

>     - Use the student's URL at /web/student/home with the student's email appended as a parameter, e.g. `http://localhost:8080/web/student/home?user=janethestudent@gmail.com`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Use the student's URL at /web/student/home with the student's email appended as a query parameter, e.g. `http://localhost:8080/web/student/home?user=janethestudent@gmail.com`.
```

> ### How to enter masquerade mode
> Masquerade mode is a feature that enables the admin to create and log in as mock instructors and students for testing and situations where masquerading as another user is applicable.
> - To prepare for entering masquerade mode, do the following:
>     - Log in as an administrator to `http://localhost:8080/web/admin/home`.
>     - Create a new instructor by filling the Name, Email, and Institution fields in the form
>       provided and submit.
>     - Now, we have a new account that we can masquerade as.
> - To masquerade as an _instructor_:
>     - Use the instructor's URL at /web/instructor/home with the instructor's email appended as a query parameter, e.g. `http://localhost:8080/web/instructor/home?user=kelvin@gmail.com`.
> - To masquerade as a _student_:
>     - Use the student's URL at /web/student/home with the student's email appended as a query parameter, e.g. `http://localhost:8080/web/student/home?user=janethestudent@gmail.com`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Masquerading as another user

Masquerade mode is a feature that enables the admin to log in as mock instructors/students for testing and situations where masquerading as another user is applicable.

Essentially, when you are logged into the administrator account, you will be able to conveniently and directly access the other instructor/student accounts. When in masquerade mode, you should see a `(M)` at the top right of the page you are on.

**Note**:
If you decide to use port `8080` for the following steps below, make sure you have run `npm run build` in your project root. For more information, refer to [Building front-end files](#building-front-end-files). Else, you may use port `4200` which is TEAMMATES' frontend URL.

To prepare for _masquerade mode_, do the following:

- Log in as an administrator via http://localhost:4200/web/admin/home.
  - For more information, refer to the [Logging in to a TEAMMATES instance](#logging-in-to-a-teammates-instance) section above in this document.
- Create a new instructor by filling in the Name, Email, and Institution fields in the form provided. Once done, click on _Add Instructor_, followed by _Add_ under the **Action** column.
  - Copy the link address from the **_join link_**.
- Log out from the administrator account. Use the link you copied in the previous step and paste it into your browser's search bar. Enter the new account's email and register for the course.
  - Now, the registration is !!completed!! and we have a new account that we can masquerade as.
- Lastly, log out from the current account and log back in as an administrator and follow the rest of the steps below.

To masquerade as an **_instructor_**:

- Use the instructor's path `/web/instructor/home` with the instructor's email appended as a query parameter, e.g., `http://localhost:4200/web/instructor/home?user=kelvin@gmail.com`.
- For convenience, http://localhost:4200/web/instructor/home?user=INSTRUCTOR_EMAIL. Double click on `INSTRUCTOR_EMAIL` to replace it with the instructor's email.

To masquerade as a **_student_**:

- Use the student's path `/web/student/home` with the student's email appended as a query parameter, e.g., `http://localhost:4200/web/student/home?user=janethestudent@gmail.com`.
- For convenience, http://localhost:4200/web/student/home?user=STUDENT_EMAIL. Double click on `STUDENT_EMAIL` to replace it with the student's email.
```

GET http://localhost:8080/logout
```

### How to enter masquerade mode

> Masquerade mode is a feature that enables the admin create mock instructors and students for testing and other purposes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Masquerade mode is a feature that enables the admin to create and log in as mock instructors and students for testing and other purposes.
```

> - To be able to use the masquerade mode, do the following :

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- To prepare for entering masquerade mode, do the following:
```

    - Log in as an administrator to `http://localhost:8080/web/admin/home`.

>     - Create new instructor with by filling the Name, Email, Institution fields in the form
>       provided and submit.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Create a new instructor by filling the Name, Email, and Institution fields in the form
      provided and submit.
```

>     - After adding instructor, copy the join link and paste in another browser.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - After adding the instructor, copy the join link and paste it in another browser.
```

>     - In the new browser, log in with the new instructor's email
>       (not the default admin email) and register to course.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - In the new browser, log in with the new instructor's email
      (not the default admin email) and click to register for the course.
```

>     - Now there is a new instructor with its own google id that can be used to login.

Reviewer 2: Suggest removing this entirely, or changing it to "Now, we have a new account that we can masquerade as." In any case, do refrain from using "google id" as mentioned in [this comment](https://github.com/TEAMMATES/teammates/issues/12466#issuecomment-1578848527)

Author: I think your suggestion of rewording it is valid considering that emails for accounts are no longer restricted to google emails.

> - To masquerade as an instructor :

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- To masquerade as an instructor:
```

>     - Use the instructor's URL at /web/instructor/home with the instructor's email id as a parameter eg. `http://localhost:8080/web/instructor/home?user=kelvin@gmail.com`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Use the instructor's URL at /web/instructor/home with the instructor's email as a parameter, e.g. `http://localhost:8080/web/instructor/home?user=kelvin@gmail.com`
```

- To masquerade as a student:

>     - Use the student's URL at /web/student/home appended with the student's email id eg. `http://localhost:8080/web/student/home?user=janethestudent@gmail.com`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Use the student's URL at /web/student/home appended with the student's email, e.g. `http://localhost:8080/web/student/home?user=janethestudent@gmail.com`
```
